Use a queue to create an L-system rewrite grammar.

Here's a video of what this program should look like: https://www.screencast.com/t/6xgISV0sm (Links to an external site.)

I've provided the whole program to you...except the RenderQueue class. You need to figure out the requirements based on the how it is 
used in the rest of the program. You have to write it from scratch as a doubly-linked list--not use any Java API components or google-searched solutions. 
I'll give you a few guidelines, though. It is a standard queue with elements that are RenderCommands. So you can imagine it has an enqueue method that 
takes a RenderCommand and a dequeue method that returns a RenderCommand. It also has some methods that help translate from the string representation of L-system 
grammars. So it has a toString method and a fromString method. Make sure the copy method makes a deep copy of the queue and also make sure the append does not 
affect the queue that is supplied as it's argument (it needs to copy the elements from that queue onto the end of itself).

The doubly-linked list implementation should have a head reference for the front end of the queue. You will take elements off from the head with the 
dequeue method. It should also have a tail reference. You will add elements on at the tail with the enqueue method.

Here are the files you will use for the lab. Unzip the package and start there. You are only allowed to change the package name in the provided files.
Then add your own RenderQueue.java. To hand in your assignment, only hand in RenderQueue.java.

lundeenk_lab7_setup.zip Download lundeenk_lab7_setup.zip

L-Systems
In computer graphics rendering, as for CGI in movies and games, creating natural-looking plants is often done with software based on L-systems. 
In this assignment we're going to build an L-system rewrite and rendering system that can animate the drawing of any of the simple L-system graphics.

The name L-system is short for Lindenmayer-system after the original researcher in cellular growth patterns, Aristrid Lindenmayer, an Hungarian biologist.
The L-system is based on two topics that were popular both in computer science and mathematics in the 20th century--formal language rewrite grammars and fractals.
Highly recommended and not requiring any special domain knowledge is the Hofstadter 1979 bestseller, Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid, which delves 
into all these subjects. For an introductory discussion of programming L-systems, see this. and the wikipedia article.
